[DOCS-8989][DOCS-12774][DOCS-12512] Improve Log Explorer and monitoring documentation (#34549)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/logs/_index.md

{{< img src="/getting_started/logs/top-list-view-2024.png" alt="A top list in the Log Explorer">}}

The Log Explorer offers many powerful features for log troubleshooting and exploration, including:
- [Advanced search and filtering][31] with facets and queries
- [Log Analytics][17] for grouping logs into patterns and aggregating data
- [Visualizations][28] to display log data in various formats
- [Saved Views][29] to save and share your search configurations
- [Export options][30] to reuse your queries in different contexts

> See the [Log Explorer documentation][16] for comprehensive information about all available features.

Author: ```suggestion
For detailed information about all Log Explorer features, see the [Log Explorer documentation][16].
```
